TELCODOCS#1255: Removed all instances of single-node (#69310)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-creating-volume-snapshots-in-single-node-openshift.adoc

.Procedure

> . Log in to OpenShift by running the `oc` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to {product-title} by running the `oc` command.
```
